# Final Project

## Assignment Reflection

I had a lot of fun creating this website. A lot of this class was review from a previous web development class I took, but there's so much to remember that I feel like I need to do it all on a regular basis to ever feel like I'm comfortable with it or know what I'm doing. Learning about parallax backgrounds was a new skill for me, and I really like how it leveled up my "blog post" page and gave it a more interesting and engaging appearance. Part of me wanted to add it to my home page as well because I like how it looks so much, but I don't want to replace my scrolling gallery that I am already using for the hero section on my home page, so I kept it as-is. I'm excited to play around with it more on future web pages!

When balancing creativity with usability, I think it's important to remember that not everyone has the same abilities and make sure your colors, contrast, and fonts are easily readable. It's easy to get really excited about a cool looking font and want to use it everywhere, but if it makes your page look messy or unreadable, it's not worth it. You also have to think about that when putting an image in your background. If your image has a lot of different colors on it, some of your words might become unreadable on the background. 

I want to use my web design skills in the future to share my artwork and get myself out there as an artist. There's a lot of options out there for things like Shopify that help you build a website where the code is already provided for you and you just go in and edit the images and text, but it doesn't allow for as much freedom and creativity. Knowing how to do this on my own allows me to actually build a webpage that has more personality and is a better reflection of me. I'm also excited to get more into JavaScript in the future and learn more about animating web pages so that I can do something creative with that. I think it would be cool to have part of my webpage showcase an art animation that I make myself!